Hi.
So this is video we're going to continue our discussion on positional and keyword arguments and we'll
just jump straight into the code.
So let's look at a regular function the way that we've been used to defining them so far.
So we'll take my fun with three parameters a b and c and so we defined them this way and we'll just
do a function that prints out whatever gets passed in.
So a equals print the first value of b equals print the second valure and we'll print the third valure
and we'll format that by passing and a b and c k.
So this function takes three parameters a b and c that's the local names in this context and we can
call it by just calling my func passing in three different values.
These are the arguments of the function.
So when we do that as we can see a was one B was 2 and C was 3 and that was determined by the position
of the arguments.
This was the fourth position.
So it went into a.
This was the second when it to be and so on.
So the one thing is you cannot just call my Phunk with less than three arguments if you try and call
my font with two arguments you'll get a runtime error.
So my phunk is missing one required positional argument.
See it even tells you which one.
Right.
Fair enough.
So to avoid that we can go ahead and create default values.
So if we don't pass something let's say we set a default for B will set the default for be equal to
2.
Now this as we saw in the lecture will not work right.
If we try and do that I'll just say that if we try and run this then Python complains and says no you
can't do that.
You have a non-default argument that follows a default argument.
What we said.
Once you specify a default argument right a default parameter every parameter after that has to have
a default value.
So we can fix that by saying that the default for C will be 3.
So that works.
Now we can call my phunk.
Now we can certainly pass it just as before.
Let's say three different values and I'll make it 10 20 30 so we can differentiate the 20 and the 30
from the default values 2 and 3.
And when we do that we see that it actually got the values 10 20 and 30.
As expected we passed three arguments.
Go map to the three parameters.
But now because of the default values we can call my phunk without passing everything and we can just
past 10 and 20 and we won't specify the third argument which is the C parameter.
And so when you do that you can see that A's 10 B is 20 that's what was specified in the arguments here.
But C defaulted to its value of 3 which was defined right there.
Of course we can go one step further and just pass in the 10.
And as you can see B is 2 and sees three.
It took the default values.
Now of course you can always if you want make everything have a default in which case all the parameters
are optional.
All the arguments on the app optional.
So if we say my phunk.
Well then you can see was one B was 2 and C was three.
So that's how that defaults work.
The next thing we want to look at are keyword arguments or named arguments.
Now that doesn't have anything to do with the function.
So I'm just going to redefine my funk and let me just copy paste.
We'll keep it very similar except I won't let a have a default.
So in this case we always have to specify at least one argument when we call my func and it will do
the same thing as before to print out the values for A B and C.
So with named arguments we can do something like this.
We can say C equals 20 B equals 10.
We actually make it.
So it's an increasing also sees 30 B is 20 and A is 10 and we call that you can see that A has a value
of 10 B has a value of 20 and C has a value of 30.
The names that we use in these keyword arguments when we call the function must match the parameter
names that were used where we defined the function.
That's the only thing.
But the order is not irrelevant.
It is not positional.
It is based on the name that we give to the argument now you can mix that with say my phunk 10 and then
C equals 30 and B equals 20.
That's perfectly fine to do what will happen here is that this is going to be the first argument is
going to be positional.
So it's going to go into a.
These are keyword arguments and therefore it will use the name that we have.
So even though it's in the second position it will assign 30 to see which is the third parameter and
20 will be B.
So we call that we have as expected a twin then B is 20 and 30.
Now of course B and C have default values.
So we don't have to specify everything.
So we could say 10 for the first argument which will be a positional argument therefore it's going to
go straight into a.
And we could say C is equal to 30 and we are meant to be equal to 20.
So now we have A's 10 B is the default that we have here and c is 30 because we specified that.
So if you have default values and you are using keywords you don't have to specify all the values.
Are optional.
And unlike the case when you have optional values or optional arguments by having a default parameter
values where you do have to specify them in the same order when you call.
Right.
So in a case like this 10 20 30 20 went into B 30 went into C we could not have written 10 20 and expect
20 here to go into C..
It has to go into B with the keywords we don't have that problem.
So that's how we can get around it is by using keyword arguments or named arguments.
All right that's it.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.